if you are alex pato people welcome here
to a new comments and you see
already mw3 m16 action on dom on such a
Idea I do not come
Of course not that the gameplay tk and
the whole is already seven eight months
old no idea and that's exactly what it is
actually so special because the whole
is quasi prepaid game the in 16
was still really shit and if you ever
so the power does not look at one
single one hit in the gameplay and
achieved thus still has every thing
So from here you look right
awesome game play and i want to now
once the news and comment
Flood on a single topic
to counteract a bit
it is incredible how many messages
I re regarding the balotelli transfer to
Above all, ac milan gets the whole thing
history was
I'm coming home for the evening
that did not know itself yet
subject to my youtube inbox
of three or four different people
So I have a new message
with the same subject in the same
spelled so balotelli
nothing else
but that was kinda
Impressive I first thought that
maybe same type same message
always other accounts but no
Many people have real out there
interested in what I say and
So today my statement too
This change so a bit again
but football is just now
transfer phase january and then you have to
then just go through and I can
you is insured will soon be
I give a video and comments
I definitely washed there
Let's get one out and me
think I'll be like that then
Next video then bring in between
always the let's play what i mean by the way
the playlist would like to link again
launched and launched incredible crisis displays
no one believes it has a subway
So it's really blatant because it has
get a few thumbs
the video and so on respectively
many for this game in
Divorced as let's play and I was
approach the number of thumbs have
I now get quasi clicks so
quite crass so down in the video
description again the play list to
let's play who missed it now time
short to balotelli
There are actually only two things
which I can address and would like first
I do not think so
desired that the guy comes to us because
he is a child in my eyes
a pretty getting used to
Character or
how should I say he is just very
very difficult guy and then you have to
as a trainer really really on it
are purely educational I would say to
to get the handle under or under
I would like to say control
but we have with all those trainers
those ibrahimovic cassano and also with
boateng in the last one two years
got into the grip and it is
all three really super bombshell mega
horny players have been with us and or
they are still and therefore dare
I definitely do that to him
that can be done and if milan is different
City I assume 20 million
for the player are the scratches
not like country that is one
We do not sum up that way
clap then we already have it
something thought and with that I come straight
the second point because you have to say
purely by skill, how so beautiful
youtube always says balotelli is one
the best player at the time on the
Transfermarkt are or were or the
currently playing football of the boys
incredibly strong body and one
balance simply unparalleled
to thirds of the strong passports
The game has an incredible shot
and he is still fast and straight
this speed is related to
this body power he has with
this balance is just really
something of value or so valuable
his
The guy just really has it
problem is or was often that
This body is controlled by the brain
and he has one or the other
Just have had other misfires and
I guess or I just hope
that as well as boateng's after
a certain time in his
career has now been enough
Now I will be serious quasi I have
the snout full constantly in the newspaper
on
coincidence no longer with performance
Convince that think now
balotelli with the change to his
he has been a favorite club ever since
has eternal and that is not fixed
side to us is changed but he
even at inter then has itself in the
let milan jersey scan so milan
always been his favorite club
and yes I just hope that he is now
finally son home sweet home feeling
what gets them easy to one
mature world class player leaves that
he all his missteps he had
this can not hide in the future
More happen and we just do it
one of the potential new ones
then world class player in our storm
can welcome next to el shaarawy and
maybe also neil young at the moment
yes , I'll be happy too
meanwhile I am very curious how that
emanates and would like your opinion too
know the change what do you think
you think of balotelli and believe her
that he can help milan that one
good change is if he is the 20 million
really worth it
I am glad that she will be back
I'm still looking forward to watching
thumb if you leave the buy
wanted and say goodbye to that station
new alex pato